Updated ilert integration readme, added and modified images (#2108)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ilert/README.md

## Overview

The [ilert][1] integration sends Datadog alerts to ilert and seamlessly takes actions on these alerts within the ilert platform.

Integrate with ilert to:

- Trigger and resolve incidents from Datadog
- Tackle incidents and set up escalation policies as they occur

> - Set up a daily reminder of who is on-call

Reviewer: The overview should include the following: 
What does your product (ilert) do (in 1-2 sentences)?
What will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
What types of data will your integration send in or pull out, and what's the value of that data?

## Overview

The [ilert][1] integration sends Datadog alerts to ilert and seamlessly takes actions on these alerts within the ilert platform.

Integrate with ilert to:

- Trigger and resolve incidents from Datadog
- Tackle incidents and set up escalation policies as they occur
- Set up a daily reminder of who is on-call

> - Export metrics from Datadog to ilert to provide information about the health of your services on ilert status pages

Reviewer 2: Hi @DaTiMy, what metrics are being exported? How is ilert exporting them?

Reviewer 2: In your documentation, I see that ilert asks customers to create and share Datadog API and App keys. 

We would require ilert to implement [OAuth](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/) for this use case to avoid sharing App keys, which are tied to users and very broad. Instead there is a individual scope to query metrics that customer can agree to through an OAuth flow.

Author: We've decided to remove this out of the documentation until OAuth Flow has been implemented.

> - import metrics from Datadog to ilert and provide information about the health of your services on ilert status pages

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Export metrics from Datadog to ilert to provide information about the health of your services on ilert status pages
```

## Setup

### ilert

#### Create Datadog alert source

1. Switch to the **Alert Sources** tab and click on the "Create new alert source" button

2. Search for "**Datadog**", select the **Datadog** tile and click on next.

   ![ilert Alert Source New][2]

> 3. Assign a name

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Assign a name.
```

   ![ilert Alert Source New 2][10]

4. Select a desired escalation policy

   ![ilert Alert Source New 3][11]

5. On the next page a **Webhook URL** is generated. You need this URL at the bottom of the setup in Datadog.

   ![ilert Alert Source View][3]

### Datadog

#### Add ilert Webhook as alerting channel

1. Go to Datadog integrations page and [**install Webhooks integration**][8]:

> 2. Click a Webhooks integration, scroll to bottom and add a new webhook:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. On the Webhooks integration page, scroll to the bottom and add a new webhook:
```

4. Click save button to finish setting up this check.

   View the [ilert Datadog Integration documentation][6] for more details.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

The ilert integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

Your ilert triggered and resolved events appear in the ilert platform dashboard.

### Service Checks

The ilert integration does not include any service checks.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog Support][7].

[1]: https://www.ilert.com/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=integration&utm_campaign=datadog
[2]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/ilert/images/datadog-alert-source-new.png
[3]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/ilert/images/datadog-alert-source-view.png
[4]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/ilert/images/datadog-webhook-new.png
[5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/ilert/images/datadog-webhook-view.png
[6]: https://docs.ilert.com/integrations/datadog?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=integration&utm_campaign=datadog
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/webhooks
```

4. Click save button to finish setting up this check.

   View the [ilert Datadog Integration documentation][6] for more details.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> To import metrics from Datadog and display them on your ilert status page, follow the instructions [here][9]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To export metrics from Datadog and display them on your ilert status page, follow the instructions in the [ilert documentation][9]
```

### Events

Your ilert triggered and resolved events appear in the ilert platform dashboard.

### Service Checks

> ilert integration does not include any service checks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ilert integration does not include any service checks.
```
